Adds in missing ContentApps (#3037)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Property-Editors/package-manifest.md

The parameter editors array follows the same format as the property editors described above, however it cannot contain prevalues since there are no configuration options for macro parameter editors.

## Content Apps

> Here is a simple example of adding a content app, for see the [Content Apps](../Content-Apps/index.md) page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of adding a content app. See the [Content Apps](../Content-Apps/index.md) article for more information and a full guide on how to create Content Apps.
```
